fixes #36: improve zero-to-one section, add compile CLI command (#37)
stackrlabs/docs: docs/pages/build/zero-to-one/build-your-first-mru.mdx

```

:::info
`PRIVATE_KEY` is the private key of account you want to register and deploy the rollup with. This address acts as the Operator.

We don't store your private key anywhere, it is stored in your local environment. It's only used to sign on incoming actions and proposed blocks.
:::

### Setup `stackr.config.ts`

- Now let's dive into the `stackr.config.ts` file.

> - The main properties you might wish to tune here are `blockSize` and `blockTime` of your micro-rollup.

Reviewer: we might have to tell about `isSandbox` here again

> You can also set `allowEmptyBlocks` to `true` if you want your micro-rollup to always produce blocks (even when there are no actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set `allowEmptyBlocks` to `true` if you want your micro-rollup to always produce blocks (even when there are no actions). This will produce blocks every `blockTime` milliseconds.
```

  ```ts [stackr.config.ts]
  sequencer: {
    blockSize: 16,
    blockTime: 10,
    allowEmptyBlocks: true
  }
  ```
- The `domain` in the config is used to create EIP-712 Typed Signature over the inputs of actions. Feel free to tune this as per your requirements.
  ```ts [stackr.config.ts]
  domain: {
    name: "<APP_NAME>",
    version: "<APP_VERSION>",
    salt: "0x0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef"
  }
  ```

> - You can refer to [Stackr Config](/build/framework/config) section on explanation of each and every available configuration property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can refer to [Stackr Config](/build/framework/config) section for the explanation of every available configuration property.
```

│   ├── stackr
│   │   ├── machine.ts
│   │   ├── actions.ts
│   │   ├── transitions.ts
│   │   └── hooks.ts
│   ├── index.ts
│   ├── stackr.config.ts
│   └── deployment.json
```

- `machine.ts` contains the [`StateMachine`](/build/framework/state-machine/introduction) and [`State`](/build/framework/state-machine/state) classes for your application.

>   - Please make sure to export the `StateMachine` object from this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Please make sure to export the `StateMachine` object from this file. As shown below or you can also do export declaration like `export const myMachine ...`
```

│   ├── stackr
│   │   ├── machine.ts
│   │   ├── actions.ts
│   │   ├── transitions.ts
│   │   └── hooks.ts
│   ├── index.ts
│   ├── stackr.config.ts
│   └── deployment.json
```

- `machine.ts` contains the [`StateMachine`](/build/framework/state-machine/introduction) and [`State`](/build/framework/state-machine/state) classes for your application.

  - Please make sure to export the `StateMachine` object from this file in one of the following ways:

  :::code-group

>   ```ts [machine.ts (named export)] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```ts [machine.ts (declaration export)] 
```

  export const myMachine = new StateMachine({ ... });
  ```

>   ```ts [machine.ts (named re-export)] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```ts [machine.ts (named export)] 
```
